what would you do if you were stranded
in a cable car in freezing weather with
nobody to help you
in this video i will break down what
went wrong and how to survive the movie
break the movie begins with a group of
friends snowboarding on a mountain and
enjoying each other's company
they talk about each other and that they
are going to make their way to a lift
so they can enjoy new year's eve across
the mountain
right off the bat we can see that they
are deciding to travel across the
mountain
while the group is walking to their
cable car we see they have a lot of
booze so most of them
may be a bit drunk they see the nice
view so they stop
to take a picture a few seconds later
the girl in the orange gets a facetime
call and they discuss what they are
doing in some personal things about her
relationship the group then makes their
way to the lodge that has the cable car
but there's a problem
the worker one let them use the cable
car because it's new year's eve
and the man wants to be done for the day
they are able to persuade the man with
money and eventually are able to get
onto the cable car
before they leave the man in the brown
says he lost his bag so he decides to
stay behind
as the rest of the group leaves on the
cable car
the only way i would stay back to find
my bag
is if it was crucial to my survival or
worth a lot
the man in the red decides to start
playing music and open a bottle of wine
he then tries for the third time to get
with the girl in the orange but
she refuses suddenly all the lights
shut off on the mountains and the lift
stops
luckily the man at the lodge sees this
and goes to try and fix it
after 15 minutes the man is able to get
the power back up
but stupidly the man in the red decided
to open the doors and go to the bathroom
when the cable car starts to move again
the man
almost falls out but is saved by his
friend
after this incident the group should
notice that he is risky and has been
drinking all night
a few seconds later he finds the bag his
friend was searching for
the man decides to look through his bag
and finds another wine bottle
at this point we notice that he is not
even worried that he almost died a few
minutes earlier
so he is either crazy or very drunk
one of the friends calls the man to let
him know his bag was
found the man decided to skip the cable
car for his ring
which we will see later when the girl in
the orange looks at this bag
she notices a black box with the ring in
it which was for her
she is not excited because she was
thinking about ending her relationship
with the man in brown but this basically
prevents that from happening
she decides to call him but none of them
have phone service
back at the lodge the worker is near the
gears when his keys get caught
he starts to choke and decides to throw
a pipe in the gear
which causes another electrical failure
i'm really curious why this whole lodge
only has
one worker in it maybe it's different in
russia
but i know for a fact that if there is
still people on the mountain
there will be more than one worker at
every location
but the man isn't able to save himself
and dies a few seconds later
the man in brown is seen walking by
himself a few minutes before the new
year
up at the cable car the group decides to
celebrate the new year with some drinks
as they watch the fireworks
they then take more videos and enjoy
their drinks not
realizing that they are in big trouble
the next morning she wakes up and we see
everything has frost on it
that turns out to be a dream and all her
friends are still alive
one of the guys is on top of the cable
car and tells them to be optimistic
about the situation
two workers are complaining about always
having to do the hard work when they
want to relax
the group decides to climb on top of the
lift to get a better view of their
surroundings
the workers don't realize the man is
dead and think that he has just
left a mess like he always does smartly
the man in black takes charge and starts
to rash in their supplies and save their
flares
when one of their workers realizes the
cable cars aren't working
she decides to call the repairman to
help
the man that lost his bag is in his room
when he gets a call from
his mom asking when he is getting
married
he says there won't be one because his
relationship
is falling apart if i were him i would
be concerned as to why my friends aren't
back yet
or calling on the cable car
one of the girls starts to cough so the
man in charge smartly makes a fire out
of the small
christmas tree they have this is smart
because as you saw
it can produce warmth but it can also
produce light
i would make sure to use this wisely
because during the night
it can be great for getting people
attention
at the lodge customers ask when the lift
will be open
and the worker says it closed and to use
the one
farther down the hill the group gets
into an argument about the food that was
eaten
they are also thinking about crossing
the cable with a harness
the man at the hotel starts to wonder
where they are
so he texts one of them but they don't
have a connection
the girl slaps the guy in the red
because he is being a coward
which leads to both men getting in a
fight
orange decides to start video recording
in talks about their plan to use a
harness to reach help
before risking your life like this i
would try using my phone flashlight
in a fire when it gets dark i think this
would surely get someone's attention
the group starts to lower him down and
he throws his snowboard to see if the
ground is sturdy
but it's not so the snow crumbles and
breaks off
when he starts climbing up he loses his
grip
which drags the man in the red out of
the cable car
he can't support the weight below him so
he cuts the rope
and his friend plummets to his death at
the hotel
the man knocks on his friend's door to
no response
he doesn't know what his friends are
going through so he decides to leave for
the airport
the girls realized the man in red cut
the rope which killed him so they are
understandably upset at him the girl in
purple takes his knife
and holds it at them both because she is
sad that her boyfriend may be dead
the group realizes that she has a bad
wound and is bleeding profusely
they quickly try to stop the bleeding
with a belt and pressure on the wound
a few seconds later they hear a
helicopter in the distance
the man gets on top of the cable car and
starts to wave
the smarter thing would be to grab the
flares from earlier in the movie
or take your red jacket off and start
waving that around
the girl finds the flares and climbs on
the cable car to ignite one but the
helicopter
already passed and doesn't see them when
they go to get back inside
the door doesn't open the man in the car
is depressed
so he listens to music as he heads to
the airport
they think the wounded girl is dead so
they come up with a plan to open the
main doors from the outside
the guy in red forces the girl to open
the doors from the outside
she doesn't trust to men what he has
done so she uses her last flare as a
defense
okay she should have thought this
through
i would take my chances by sliding down
the side of the cable car
because if i was able to open the doors
i could keep the man locked on top of
the lift
and if he was able to get past the door
i would be ready with
weapons when the flare runs out she
pushes him
getting him mad she tries to slide down
the side of the cable car
to escape the man but he takes a metal
bar and tries to kill her
eventually she is able to escape him and
make it inside of the cable car
right away he used the metal bar and
tries to pry open the door
so she is forced to hold it closed in
doing so
the man breaks the bearings loses his
balance
and falls to his death in the car
the man still hasn't got a call from his
friends so he calls the hotel to see if
they are in their rooms
but they're not he realizes something's
wrong
so he gets back in his taxi to go back
as you saw it turns out there was
another dream she had
when she wakes up from being knocked out
she goes to check on her friend
but she is unresponsive she then gets
her coat back on and cleans up her wound
she knows she will freeze if she doesn't
close the gap
so she gets snowboards in hopes of
stopping the freezing cold weather
we see that she has lights which she
should be using to put on the cable car
so someone may be able to see the light
and save her
she is able to take some paper scraps
and her lighter and get a fire started
as you saw the glass breaks and the wind
extinguishes the fire
she has lost hope so she makes one
final video saying her goodbyes in the
car
the man is tired of waiting so he gets
out to walk on foot
when he makes it there he treat to get
one of the workers to help him
but he refuses because of the oncoming
snowstorm
eventually the worker gives in and takes
the man to the top of the mountain
i'm wondering why after all of this the
man still hasn't called the police for
help
the girl gets a sudden burst of
motivation and when she is packing her
things
the cable cars bolts break and she falls
onto the glass
a few seconds later the dead girl falls
twin breaks through the glass falling to
her
death she knows she has to get out
before the whole lift falls
so she is able to open the door but
right as she gets up
the bolts break and the cable car falls
down the mountain
the man enters the lodge and hear the
sirens blaring
one of the workers says to send a rescue
team
but she didn't know about the people
still of the cable car
he then realizes that his friends may be
dead
back at the cable car the girl was able
to get out and stay near the cables
she opens up her bag and loses control
of the lights
the man sees the lights and realizes his
girlfriend is still alive
he comes up with a plan to get the gears
moving again
they are able to remove the metal bar
and the gears start to spin
the girl is saved and being treated for
hypothermia as the movie ends
thank you all for watching let me know
what you want to see next